PD-82  SCALE 22.12.0 Update Clustering Preparation Article Content (#1807)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/Clusters.md

### Configure Cluster

Successfully creating a cluster adds a cluster widget to the **Clusters** screen and opens options to configure the new cluster.
These options split into four screens: **VIPs**, **Accociate VIPs**, **Active Directory**, and **Confirmation**.

#### VIPs

The VIPs page has options and fields added for each SCALE system in the cluster.

![ConfigureClusterSMBNetwork](/images/TrueCommand/2.3.1/ConfigureClusterSMBNetwork.png "Configure Cluster SMB Network")

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | **NEXT** | Click button to continue to the next page. |

Reviewer: this appears to be on all the screens so I'd pull it out of the table and make it a new paragraph/line below the above that says something like, Next advances to the next screen.

Author: The NEXT button was already in one of the tables when I got started so I thought I would match it. I don't think they actually need to be there at all, so I'm going to remove them.

> | **ADD** | Adds another line for IPs and netmasks. |

Reviewer: Where does it add this line? Below the xyz on the screen? Tell them where so they know what to expect.

| **Address** | Virtual IP address for one of the cluster systems. |
| **Netmask** | Netmask for the IP address. |

#### Associate VIPs

The Associate VIPs page allows you to select interfaces to assign to the VIPs.

![ConfigureClusterAssociateVIPs](/images/TrueCommand/2.3.1/ConfigureClusterAssociateVIPs.png "Configure Associate VIPs")

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | **NEXT** | Click button to continue to the next page. |

Reviewer: same comment as above on this one. if this is on each screen, you can just enter it one time above each of these sections and below the paragraph text above under it to say **Next** advances to the next screen on each of these screens.

> | **Interface** | Click the Interface drop-down to select an interface and assign it to the VIP |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Interface** | Select an interface from the dropdown list of interface options and to assign it to the VIP.  |
```
